Fix bug hashing the angles derivation using the NWCSAF reader (#2367)
pytroll/satpy: doc/source/dev_guide/custom_reader.rst

better idea.

.. note::

>    Be careful about the data types of the dataset attributes your reader is
>    returning.  JSON is used internally in Satpy to serialize the function
>    arguments so we can hash them and then use that hash as the filename for the
>    cached results. Numpy types don't serialize into JSON, therefore please make
>    sure the attributes being set upon reading does not contain numpy scalar
>    types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Be careful about the data types of the DataArray attributes (`.attrs`) your reader is
   returning. Satpy or other tools may attempt to serialize these attributes (ex. hashing for cache keys). For example, Numpy types don't serialize into JSON and
   should therefore be cast to basic Python types (`float`, `int`, etc) before being
   assigned to the attributes.
```

.. note::

>    Also, be careful about the data types of the datasets your reader is returning.

Reviewer: This is a note. In my opinion there is no "before" or "after" to other content so "Also" seems odd here.

```suggestion
   Be careful about the types of the data your reader is returning.
```
